Assume that the following requirements were collected for this application:
1.	The University Library has approximately 16,000 members, 100,000 titles,
 and 250,000 volumes (an average of 2.5 copies per book). About 10% of the volumes are
 out on loan at any one time. 
2.	The librarians ensure that the books that members want to borrow are available when
 the members want to borrow them. Also, the librarians must know how many copies of each book
 are in the library or out on loan at any given time.
3.	A catalog of books is available online that lists books by author, title, and subject 
area. For each title in the library, a book description is kept in the catalog; the description
ranges from one sentence to several pages. The reference librarians want to be able to access 
this description when members request information about a book. 
4.	Library staff includes chief librarian, departmental associate librarians, reference 
librarians, check-out staff, and library assistants.
5.	Books can be checked out for 21 days. Members are allowed to have only five books out
 at a time. Members usually return books within three to four weeks. 
6.	Most members know that they have one week of grace before a notice is sent to them, 
so they try to return books before the grace period ends. About 5% of the members have to be
 sent reminders to return books. Most overdue books are returned within a month of the due 
date. Approximately 5% of the overdue books are either kept or never returned. 
7.	The most active members of the library are defined as those who borrow books at least
 ten times during the year. The top 1% of membership does 15% of the borrowing, and the top 
10% of the membership does 40% of the borrowing. About 20% of the members are totally inactive 
in that they are members who never borrow. 
8.	To become a member of the library, applicants fill out a form including their SSN, 
campus and home mailing addresses, and phone numbers. The librarians issue a numbered, 
machine-readable card with the member’s photo on it. This card is good for four years.
 A month before a card expires, a notice is sent to a member for renewal. 
9.	Professors at the institute are considered automatic members. When a new faculty
 member joins the institute, his or her information is pulled from the employee records 
and a library card is mailed to his or her campus address. Professors are allowed to check 
out books for three-month intervals and have a two-week grace period. Renewal notices to 
professors are sent to their campus address.
10.	The library does not lend some books, such as reference books, rare books, and maps.
 The librarians must differentiate between books that can be lent and those that cannot be 
lent. In addition, the librarians have a list of some books they are interested in acquiring 
but cannot obtain, such as rare or out-of-print books and books that were lost or destroyed
 but have not been replaced. The librarians must have a system that keeps track of books that
 cannot be lent as well as books that they are interested in acquiring. 
11.	Some books may have the same title; therefore, the title cannot be used as a means 
of identification. Every book is identified by its International Standard Book Number (ISBN),
 a unique international code assigned to all books. Two books with the same title can have
 different ISBNs if they are in different languages or have different bindings (hardcover 
or softcover). Editions of the same book have different ISBNs.
